they've actually been to Maine kitchen
disasters that I've had over the years
one of which was 800 portions of apple
tart that I spent about two days making
that I burned them all because I've got
my centigrade to Fahrenheit robbing this
fancy French opening in a hotel kitchen
in France lifted up lifted the oven door
and smoke can only be described and
little black dots came out of this oven
and also one of the biggest Kitchen
Nightmares I've ever had was cooking
14-under people in the middle of a field
which was a wedding I told the chefs to
literally put the chicken in the oven
everything was running on time the
starter was going out the main core the
middle course was just about reserved
and the speeches were then prolonged
purely the fact that the chef switched
the oven on to the gas so well literally
when we took the chicken out he was
still the same temperature is what it
was when he went in and then I had to go
on and do an extremely long speech and
spiel about my cooking experience
experiences through France